the exact tag system from FS partners
gives you weed control on your phone
with a new secure and convenient method
of storage and dispenser environmentally
responsible heavy-duty holds holders
with drip cups serve to reduce spills
work safely with our personal protection
equipment outfitted on every exact tank
system realizing that you have a long
workday ahead of you
the convenience of an LED light for
night use is a must a 4000 litre tank
with its cone-shaped bottom offers a 120
volts submersible pump for quiet
operation fill your totes on high speed
at 200 litres per minute through a large
two-inch volts fill your spray with a
one-inch low-speed hose at 50 litres per
minute through a calibrated meter FS
partners will deliver your weed control
products in early spring and late summer
as required and make sure that you have
product when you need it before the
exact system BST use totes and it
consumed time going down to pick up 3/4
to--let's bring him back take them off
one truck put them on the other and now
if the exact system is so easy to use in
that we just pull up beside it either
for loading a tow we pull out the big
hose load the tote in minutes right on
the truck or you can use the small hose
and load the RO Gator and the time
savings is phenomenal like which is just
save so many hours of time
when I need delivery I just phone FS and
they roll in with their truck and both
deliver the product I need and always
have supply of product one of the best
things about the exact system is having
the convenience of a bulk supply on my
farm I'm not worried about short supply
in the marketplace it gives me peace of
mind knowing that I have all the product
here I'm getting the best price possible
because of the volume I'm lying and it's
so easy to use
exact tank system saving me money by
having a bulk and supply and FS partners
behind me
that's what's all about is saving money
right